Tell me about your roles and responsibility on day to day basis?

Have write any jenkinsfile and what kind jenkinsfile you have written and groovy or shell script?
if i want to run someother job automatically when one job is done what you have to do? 
Linux i want to see line 5 in a file what is the command
i want to change file or folder permission what is the command
where user information will be stored? /etc/passwd
passwd information? /etc/shadow
Branching stratagies
Git fetch and git pull difference?
what Pom.xml Contains
how many stages in maven
what is the use of Ansible?
folder structure or roles?
Difference b/w playbooks and roles?
i want to install tomcat on 5 machines how will you do that?


docker and kubernetes
some kubernetes commands?
docker commands?
virtualization and containerzation difference?
docker compose, docker network, docker links
docker containers memory usage, %usage how will you check?
docker volumes ( example i want to restart my machine in that case my containers in which position stopped or running) if stopped it should not happen what will you do
Docker Copy and Add command? in dockerfile
Entrypoint in dockerfile?
where do store docker images?
what is the difference b/w docker swarm and kubernetes
docker stack and docker compose difference?
what the name space
difference b/w replica controller and replicaset
what are the services in kubernetes loadbalancer, node port
kubernetes deployment file
what are the steps main key points in that
docker stack and Kompose?

AWS
EBS and S3?
How connect S3 with instance(AWS ALI and Roles)
i want to attach volume to the instance what is the process?
mkfs -t ext4 /dev/xvdf
blkid /dev/xdf (file system is created or not)
mount to directory
parminent mount /etc/fstab 

VPC
IGW, NAT, VPC peering
public and private subnet
SG (ALLOW) and NACL(ALLOW and DENY)

ELB, AS

scalling policies?
vertical scalling and horizantal scalling
Manual


Kubernetes

What is the namespace and uses?
what are the kubernetes components?
how do you copy file from ec2 instance/local vm to kubernetes cluster?
Can you tell me some kubernetes commands and uses?
how to add one more worker node into kubernetes cluster?
helm & helm charts uses?
what is the difference b/w configmap & Secrets in kubernetes?
what is the difference b/w service and ingress component in kubernetes?

Jenkins
master slave configuration in jenkins
Write jenkins pipeline(jenkinsfile) script declarative or scripted?
What kind of plugins you are using jenkins?
explain complete CI-CD flow which you are following in your project?
how to make password less authentication from server to server?

AWS
How to connect E2 instance to S3?
How to mount volume to directory(parminent mounting)
VPC: IGW, NAT, VPC peering
public and private subnet
SG (ALLOW) and NACL(ALLOW and DENY)
What is the difference b/w horizontal and vertical scalling?





